all right this game was suggested dry
zeyneb alamos so here we go I am Fred
this is so big right a new computer too
so it's really cute
Oh dad took it Oh become toes out
keyboard thing w-what the heck how much
four three two quick like that
WQ Who am I supposed to do is this game
Oh fall okay we'll see q1
oh there we go now it oh gosh why
there's so many like letters and numbers
which Ifill this is the same time am I
taking this what is this game it's the
mouse you've been doing anything or am I
just like randomly clicking it know what
the heck go this way the sisters to the
weirdest game ever
uh-huh okay the W is highlighted so I
think it's mystical good
I am so confused what am I supposed to
be doing right now what I don't the
toaster all the way over there oh my
gosh Oh something bad happened something
really really bad happened okay
let me try again get down to the state
board oh oh I'm look on the right check
get on this game would get on the
sleeper oh oh
okay at least like I think I got it just
a little bit more no don't pull over
good we're in three no no I'm not ready
for it okay we've got this big way one
two three and one three up four come on
get on it okay I almost got him so close
come on his own skateboard 3 into 2 and
W no no oh my gosh Oh
and go oh she jus like do it like oh
wait for two for two okay then swing up
and then three three get up oh oh my
goodness ah whoa just even though that
was so awesome
oh my gah hah hah hah this game is going
to kill me up I hate this game ah and
then once I get to the counter I have to
find a way to get to the other counter I
don't like this game at all in the
slightest bit oh I'm literally oh
they're crying I can't
yeah I know this game it's too wide
there's too much to keep track of and I
can't get my number Street isn't making
me feel like I'm just like sick because
I can't like think straight when it
comes to the numbers hey so essentially
if you go right up to the wall I feel
too good 1 2 then 3 4 then 1 2 then 3 4
that should make its way up the wall but
does not seem to be the Huggle game goes
go we do not have time to pick 3 4
one two flip up you got use those the ED
muscles core strength oh my gosh no how
did you try planking is so oh my gosh I
can't get it to do what I wanted to it's
me oh my gosh I feel like I've won the
game already that was sawarna I know all
the ways I was in the kitchen
what the heck me I not but yoga the ants
on the counter with the head man yeah
cute one let's go the other ones oh
you've got to be kidding me
no not even okay you're undressing I got
this no I don't blame this show
checkpoints there's me checkpoint we get
past the camera this is my last night
where they I don't care if I die within
two seconds this is my last one because
I am actually going crazy I'm going to
have a mental breakdown over this stupid
toast game I'm never gonna eat toast
again okay no bad get out the ends that
get out at the end what it went okay I
am done it this game is too much no I
haven't done I don't care if he's little
get to the toasters good take a look
another seven hours I've been playing
this game for ever and ever and I'm
going insane I'm actually went crazy and
I'm losing my mind or the stupid toads
game so I am NOT toast and I don't care
who knows it I'm not toast I am just
bread
wimpy fried Zach can't you know can't
game
it's so hard great now I gotta go like
take a bath and drink some herbal tea we
call my stress we're gonna massage and
get my chakras realigned and very
stressed out right now you guys so leave
us adjustment for games winter fighting
next week
that is not distressful it's something
easy like Barbie's Dreamhouse makeover
or something I don't know this game is
just too much from you we'll see you
guys next week and we're done you weigh
my finest corner now this game is so
stressful now end the recording